you're a gambling man jack
not anymore once gambling man always a
gambling man toss the coin one side you
your family live the life they always
dreamed of homicide you lose everything
you got a lot of money to some very bad
people so I bought your debt now I'm
gonna have to repay me that dead can we
just get to the job it's a legend in the
underworld
it's the money play bulletproof casino
in the sky untouchable by any government
agency whatever you want to wait you're
on money plane has you covered rush
where does they carry up to a billion
onboard crypto and millions in cash you
and your crew to take down the house
it's insane yeah heck might even be a
good time now without further ado sit
back relax and prepare for takeoff
they're controlled cockpit
who's next
hey pal
[Music]
you're dead
your families are all dead yo
when everyone you ever met dead by the
time you touch down
[Music]
they'll bring me my money
you